[fix] transform links to be absolute to avoid console error when navigating (#5583)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/stupid-dolls-fly.md

---
"@sveltejs/kit": patch
---

> [fix] transform links to be absolute to avoid console error when navigating

Author: ```suggestion
[fix] transform link[rel=icon] to be absolute to avoid console error when navigating
```
